# Designs-2017
Design Engine designs for 12 - 60 L/s
# Disclaimer
These documents are DRAFTs. They have not been reviewed for official release. It is included with the design files to show what we plan to deliver in the near future. 
This design, including the files accompanying this document, is only a draft and must be reviewed and approved by a licensed engineer prior to construction. If you have questions about this design please contact the AguaClara design team at Cornell University.
Permission and Licensing Information
Copyright © 2010 Cornell University   
Authors:  The AguaClara team at Cornell University under the supervision of Dr. Monroe Weber-Shirk
This design was created using the open source engineering services of the AguaClara program at Cornell University. It is subject to the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States license. If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same, similar or a compatible license.
Permission to use this AguaClara Design Tool along with the subsequent AutoCAD renderings and supporting files for design specifications provided by Cornell based on your input parameters (collectively "WORK") and their associated copyrights without a written agreement is hereby granted. Any water treatment plants built using this WORK shall be designed and supervised by a licensed civil engineer.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CCTEC, CORNELL UNIVERSITY, OR THEIR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF WORK AND ITS ASSOCIATED COPYRIGHTS, EVEN IF CCTEC OR CORNELL MAY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
THE WORK PROVIDED HEREIN IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND CCTEC, CORNELL, AND THEIR EMPLOYEES HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.  CCTEC, CORNELL, AND THEIR EMPLOYEES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTEND NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE USE OF WORK AND ITS ASSOCIATED COPYRIGHTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK OR OTHER RIGHTS.
Users of WORK shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Cornell, its officers, employees, agents, and the sponsors of the research that let to WORK against any and all claims, suits, losses, damage, costs, fees, and expenses resulting from or arising out of use of WORK.  This indemnification shall include, but not be limited to, any product liability.  Users of WORK, at their sole cost and expense, shall sufficiently insure their activities in connection with the WORK and obtain, keep in force, and maintain insurance or an equivalent program of self insurance.  Cornell shall notify users of WORK in writing of any claim or suit brought against Cornell in respect of which Cornell intends to invoke the provisions of this paragraph.  Users of WORK shall keep Cornell informed on a current basis of its defense of any claims under this paragraph.  
